Add limit to hx (#12891)
demisto/content: Packs/FireEyeHX/ReleaseNotes/1_0_12.md

#### Integrations
##### FireEye HX

> - Fixed an issue where the number of incidents fetched was unbounded and caused performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the number of incidents fetched was unbounded and would cause performance issues.
```
